so now we have all the ingredients right
away yes so it's left so this is seaweed
and we have ingredients for so can roll
it I'm going to roll with Roy with me
what help seaweed here and we have
smooth that part oh there's a soft part
and there's a rough part yep okay so
what do I do
on top hi and then we spread rice on the
seaweed rice I do with my hand okay no
oh I'm gonna stick to my hand I go with
my fingers up to you so I spread it all
around yeah but you do you need one
person to sink immediately oh okay so
the edges okay then I'm going to put all
the ingredients I'm do the center I'll
just do whatever you do yeah
avocado but you got to put whatever you
there was everyone yes I like this and
some shrimp you are like shrimp okay I
put them on top of the avocados yeah
cheese cheese new technique yes put
cream cheese on your shrimp and put it
on your avocados okay so that's the
crucial partner yeah we're gonna simply
roll it like this keep the ingredient in
the center
roll it and I think it's Oh No
oh I see keep going keep going don't
look at sizes like roll it yeah and this
part but we'll stick to it another simi
so yeah yeah
oh okay and then you you shape it with
your hands just draw me a little
oh yeah look at my roll it's good yep
yay yeah that's a fat roll after every
we're going to leave this for five
minutes five minutes to get to you know
to make everything together
Oh combine all the ingredients okay so
you just leave it here for five minutes
and then show us how to cut it yeah
yay finally we're going to cut sushi we
need sharp knife and wet towel you'll
see how to use this see the rice sticks
to the knife let me see how one looks
beautiful
Oh uh-huh did you hear that people